JEREMY: Algorithms plus data
structures equals programs.
This famous equation
was introduced
by Niklaus Wirth in the 1970s.
In terms of Haskell
programming, you now
know enough about algorithms
and data structures
in order to create
meaningful Haskell programs.
As far as algorithms
go, you have
looked at recursion and also
at mapping simple functions
over lists of data elements.
And in terms of data
structures, we've
spent lots of time
exploring lists.
And this week we also introduced
the tree data structure
as well as giving
you the apparatus
to define your own custom
algebraic data types.
Next week we are going to think
about cannibal programs that
eat other programs
as their input data.
These are called parsers.
Well done.
We're now halfway through the
functional programming course.
You're doing really well.
We've got three weeks left.
Please leave your comments
in the section below,
and I look forward to
seeing you again next week.
Bye